---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "shopify_metafield_definition Resource - terraform-provider-shopify"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Metafield definitions enable you to define additional validation constraints for metafields, and enable the merchant to edit metafield values in context.
---

# shopify_metafield_definition (Resource)

Metafield definitions enable you to define additional validation constraints for metafields, and enable the merchant to edit metafield values in context.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "shopify_metafield_definition" "example" {
  key        = "example"
  name       = "Example"
  namespace  = "custom"
  owner_type = "CUSTOMER"
  type       = "single_line_text_field"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key` (String) The unique identifier for a metafield within its namespace.
Must be 3-64 characters long and can contain alphanumeric, hyphen, and underscore characters.
- `name` (String) The human-readable name for the metafield definition.
- `owner_type` (String) The resource type that the metafield definition is attached to.
Possible values are:
  - API_PERMISSION
  - ARTICLE
  - BLOG
  - CARTTRANSFORM
  - COLLECTION
  - COMPANY
  - COMPANY_LOCATION
  - CUSTOMER
  - DELIVERY_CUSTOMIZATION
  - DISCOUNT
  - DRAFTORDER
  - FULFILLMENT_CONSTRAINT_RULE
  - LOCATION
  - MARKET
  - MEDIA_IMAGE
  - ORDER
  - ORDER_ROUTING_LOCATION_RULE
  - PAGE
  - PAYMENT_CUSTOMIZATION
  - PRODUCT
  - PRODUCTVARIANT
  - SHOP
  - VALIDATION
  - PRODUCTIMAGE
- `type` (String) The type of data that each of the metafields that belong to the metafield definition will store. Refer to the list of [supported types](https://shopify.dev/docs/apps/build/custom-data/metafields/list-of-data-types).

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description for the metafield definition.
- `namespace` (String) The container for a group of metafields that the metafield is or will be associated with. Used in tandem with `key` to lookup a metafield on a resource, preventing conflicts with other metafields with the same `key.`
					Must be 3-255 characters long and can contain alphanumeric, hyphen, and underscore characters.
- `pin` (Boolean) Whether to pin the metafield definition.
- `validations` (Attributes List) Custom validations that apply to values assigned to the field. Refer to the list of [supported validations](https://shopify.dev/docs/apps/build/custom-data/metafields/definitions/list-of-validation-options). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--validations))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the metafield.

<a id="nestedatt--validations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `validations`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name for the metafield definition validation.
- `value` (String) The value for the metafield definition validation.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import shopify_metafield_definition.test gid://shopify/MetafieldDefinition/{{id}}
```
